README.md, before:

# Daniel Rosehill Open Source Custom GPT Library

![Sloth making a new GPT](/images/banner.webp)

## View The GPTs

The configurations are stored in `Created_GPTs`.

This is populated first. 

Some time later, the list is updated here:

[GPTList.csv](/GPTList.csv)

## About This Repository

This repository contains links to custom GPTs that I have build on top of ChatGPT (*although increasingly I'm exploring the use of other GPTs including Claude*).

I am finding amazing utility in creating custom GPTs for specific purposes (commonly those related to my professional life). 

However, while it lacks the ability of custom GPTs to quickly store detailed contextual information, prompt engineering is often enough to quickly and dramatically accelerate the value yielded from working with GPTs.

The overarching objective is to create a sort of "fleet" of GPT agents to help me manage various aspects of my work and personal lives.

Like everything I open-source, I'm doing so to make a small contribution to the collective sum of human knowledge. If you'd like to use any of these GPTs for whatever reason, you have my full permission to do so.

## File Formats

GPTs are organised into folders describing their purpose.

- GPTName/
  - Config/
    - config.txt
    - config.json
  - about.md
  
In this setup:

- `config.txt` is a text file containing the GPT configuration
- `config.json` is a JSON file containing the GPT configuration
- `about.md` is a markdown document describing the purpose of the GPT and providing other details intended for a human reader

You can use `JSON` directly in ChatGPT's custom GPT editor to effectively recreate any of these GPTs.


## Other Notes

See the `Notes` folder for other small details.

---

 ## Author
 
 Daniel Rosehill  
 (public at danielrosehill dot com)
 
 ## Licensing
 
 All my GitHub repositories are licensed under [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
 
 ### Summary of the License
 The Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license allows others to:
 - **Share**: Copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format.
 - **Adapt**: Remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
 
 The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
 
 #### License Terms
 - **Attribution**: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
 - **No additional restrictions**: You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
 
 For the full legal code, please visit the [Creative Commons website](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode).

Commit message:

Added list as markdown doc

README.md, after:

# Daniel Rosehill Open Source Custom GPT Library

![Sloth making a new GPT](/images/banner.webp)

## View The GPTs

The individual configurations are stored in `Created_GPTs`.

Lists are under `Exports` and organised into timestamped folders (dd-mm-yy).

## About This Repository

This repository contains links to custom GPTs that I have build on top of ChatGPT (*although increasingly I'm exploring the use of other GPTs including Claude*).

I am finding amazing utility in creating custom GPTs for specific purposes (commonly those related to my professional life). 

However, while it lacks the ability of custom GPTs to quickly store detailed contextual information, prompt engineering is often enough to quickly and dramatically accelerate the value yielded from working with GPTs.

The overarching objective is to create a sort of "fleet" of GPT agents to help me manage various aspects of my work and personal lives.

Like everything I open-source, I'm doing so to make a small contribution to the collective sum of human knowledge. If you'd like to use any of these GPTs for whatever reason, you have my full permission to do so.

## File Formats

GPTs are organised into folders describing their purpose.

- GPTName/
  - Config/
    - config.txt
    - config.json
  - about.md
  
In this setup:

- `config.txt` is a text file containing the GPT configuration
- `config.json` is a JSON file containing the GPT configuration
- `about.md` is a markdown document describing the purpose of the GPT and providing other details intended for a human reader

You can use `JSON` directly in ChatGPT's custom GPT editor to effectively recreate any of these GPTs.


## Other Notes

See the `Notes` folder for other small details.

---

 ## Author
 
 Daniel Rosehill  
 (public at danielrosehill dot com)
 
 ## Licensing
 
 All my GitHub repositories are licensed under [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
 
 ### Summary of the License
 The Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license allows others to:
 - **Share**: Copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format.
 - **Adapt**: Remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
 
 The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
 
 #### License Terms
 - **Attribution**: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
 - **No additional restrictions**: You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
 
 For the full legal code, please visit the [Creative Commons website](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode).
